# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`pythonbuild`](#pythonbuild): Installs Python from source.

### Defined types

#### Public Defined types


#### Private Defined types

* `pythonbuild::build`: Builds and installs a single version of Python.

## Classes

### <a name="pythonbuild"></a>`pythonbuild`

This module downloads Python sources from python.org and builds and installs
the Python interpreter from there.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `pythonbuild` class:

* [`source_dir`](#source_dir)
* [`base_url`](#base_url)
* [`build_dependencies`](#build_dependencies)
* [`versions`](#versions)

##### <a name="source_dir"></a>`source_dir`

Data type: `String`

The directory where to download and extract the sources to.

Default value: `'/usr/local/src'`

##### <a name="base_url"></a>`base_url`

Data type: `String`

The base URL where the Python sources are downloaded from.
This defaults to the FTP directory on python.org.

Default value: `'https://www.python.org/ftp/python'`

##### <a name="build_dependencies"></a>`build_dependencies`

Data type: `Array[String]`

A list of packages that need to be installed in
order to successfully build Python. These
dependencies should be specified via Hiera.

##### <a name="versions"></a>`versions`

Data type: `Hash[String, Hash[String, Variant[String, Integer, Boolean]]]`

The Python versions to be downloaded and installed. The keys
of the hash are the version numbers. The values are a hash
holding additional parameters passed to the build process.
At the moment, only "override_url" is supported, which forces
the download from the specified URL rather than constructing
the URL from the base_url and the version string.

Default value: `{ }`

## Defined types

